hey tube I had a video request to do an
update on my 1990 Toyota Corolla I've
currently it currently gets about 40
miles to the gallon just with a few
modifications I've done to it to get it
get better fuel mileage I keep the tire
pumped up you know
always check the pressure on those so
I'll show you the few quick
modifications I've done any time you
ever want to get better fuel mileage
better just better power let the engine
do what it's designed to do let it
breathe let it let it be able to pull in
the air easily and exhaust the air
easily we've got a cross member bar here
I just barely installed just a you know
give the frame little more read you know
rigid you know I can't think of the
actual name I'm just make myself sound
like an idiot
well I've got a K&N air filter on here a
little smashed on this side because it's
battery likes to slide around I need to
put the actual battery that's supposed
to go in here in here but I've got a
cane in a small cane in that goes into a
cold air intake into the system I've got
the air flow meter or whatever this is
plugged into it I've got your PCV valve
air PCV plugged into it as well the cold
air is not a sealed cold air which I've
heard is a good thing because when you
seal it off and make it take in a bunch
of air it actually will consume more
fuel because it's like going on the
freeway 75 miles an hour
sticking your head out the window and
trying to breathe you kind of have it
okay then you can't really breathe too
well and that's kind of the same concept
when you put those big ones in there
that seal it off it kind of
doesn't work too well so I've never had
one of those systems on here I just
installed this I'm not sure what this
pipe came out of but a fit in here
perfectly pulled it out of junkyard
you see marks there's numbers here
transmission also came out of that same
junkyard which I need to be getting a
different transmission because the
transmission I put in here is out of a
an early 80s which matched but the top
speed of this has been decreased to
about 55 which really sucks
60 is kind of pushing it so I'm going to
be going down and get into one of those
three here's the engine I've keep keep
the plugs nice and clean these are all
stock wires I haven't done anything with
the wires these are stuck to the car
I've never changed them rotor and
everything has never been touched
I keep 91 octane in it sometimes I'll go
one below but 91 is what it likes of
what it enjoys
let's just I so cold air intake 91
octane fresh plugs keep the radiator
nice and clean and flushed make sure
you're topped off because you keep your
engine cool keep your engine cool in it
it'll treat you well I just top that off
the other day it's hot today so it's
just being hot today it made that come
out just fun yeah exhaust system is
stock up after the cat after the cat
it's quite a lot larger see as you can
see there's quite a bit bigger of a pipe
there now this is not a fart can I hate
the sound of fart cans they just sound
like crap
this one this muffler I'm not sure who
made it or what brand it is but it
sounds good it's got a beefy the muffler
has a nice deep throaty voice to it it's
got a little bit of a fart can noise but
it's not like the high pitch
you know rice or crap noisy sounds good
so that's just a quick update on the car
got a you know I've got my CB antenna on
there I got my CB inside all my vehicles
have CDs in them it's just kind of a
peace of mind I've grown up with Seabees
in vehicles my whole life so I don't see
why not
hope you enjoyed YouTube he have any
requests more on the car of what I've
done
current or future modifications I might
be doing to this car comment or PM me up
enjoyed see you later YouTube